hey good morning family I'm excited to
be with you all again today um I have a
word and I you know I was praying about
what I should talk about today and
asking the father I said which way do
you want me to go which
direction and um you know you know me I
I I can I can go a whole bunch of
different directions but I but in this
case I feel the Lord is wanting this for
somebody it's important for somebody and
so you know being an intercessor prayer
person I I pray a lot I pray and the
Lord will reveal things to me and he he
downloads things to me all the time and
people say well how do I get there it's
it's dayto day you you do it by like you
like you do anything else you you're
going to keep going at it and going at
it and going at it you pray you fast you
read your Bible you seek his face and
whenever you you seek Him the Bible says
you'll find him if you knock the door
will be open and I'm telling you he's no
respector persons and what he'll do for
one he'll do for another and so I'm
telling you this what the Lord what said
I was I had been dealing with a lot of
uh satanic attacks um from this YouTube
channel and just just just trying to
like I said he's trying to stop it he
don't he don't want me doing this TR
with with all kinds of stuff with the
occult uh satanic occult is is is I you
the atmosphere you can just feel it
what's going on you know when you get
sensitive to things and you start uh uh
maturing with the Lord you starting you
you're able to to to identify
atmospheres okay and what's going on in
the spirit realm for that day and what's
going on and what's coming against you
and things like that and so in this
time you know I I I try not to reveal
too much because they're a bunch of
chickens and losers you know what I'm
saying we don't give the devil no credit
but there's a lot of things we we we
need to talk about so that people know
how to combat it because the church
don't talk about it because they're
they're a bunch of um uh sugarcoated uh
Frosted Flakes they give you they give
you what you have just to keep you alive
but it's not it's not making you strong
it's not making you able to to like
you're eating the meat and how to fight
the devil off and win and and and be
victorious in your your Christian Life
they give you enough just like I said
it's like the bread of Affliction they
keep you enough in in in your spiritual
walk just to keep you enough to to to
crawl uh spiritually but there's a lot
of Pastor shame on you for teaching
people how to live by faith and how to
stand on the word and combat the devil
and and win victoriously you know I I I
I just don't understand it but you came
to the right place
um so this is where I'm at with it I I
had been dealing with a lot of that
occultic stuff and what I'm trying to
tell you about and what's going on in
the spirit realm and just praying and
seeking them like I always do uh pushing
back stuff and
um I was asking some questions about
some things that were going on and I was
out and like I said I wasn't expecting
this at all I like I said I'm just
praying like I normally do and all of a
sudden I was in my garage and an angel
came before me because I was interceding
for a a certain Minister and uh because
the Lord had put me on an assignment and
so uh this Angel comes to me in a vision
he and and I don't it's not like I'm
saying I'm not able to touch this Angel
like physically fesh but I'm able to see
it in the spirit realm and it was
dressed in U every Angel's dressed
differently okay and in this one was was
dressed similar to how Gabriel dressed
okay very um uh like a messenger okay I
don't I don't know how they always have
a look they have a look I always know
when they're when they're coming for a
message from the Lord the there the
warrior angels are like really muscular
and they have armor on and things like
that but these angels like this are very
um they have like these robes and gowns
on a lot of times and they're always
really tall it's it's very interesting
because they're tall and slender they're
not heavier or mus like bulky you know
like you know like like you like you
could bench press 5,000 lbs they always
look like little bean pole people like
you know like really skinny like my son
very skinny and tall
you know that's the only way I was can
it's not Bean pole but you know what I'm
saying don't you be
yeah like tall and slender okay and this
angel came to me like that they don't
have a
gender I'm just trying to I'm trying my
best here to describe it and so the hair
is always like a curlier hair you know
and they have like a like a they don't
have a crown but like a band something
around their head I don't know whatever
that is but it's like there's something
on their head like a it almost looks
like Olive branches or something I don't
know there sometimes I see that
sometimes not but I I always try to
think what is that you know but um I
never ask cuz I don't care you know
during that time frame when you're
having that experience you're like what
do you have to say to
me and so um like I said it had a it had
a robe on over a gown this the angel did
it had it like it was a white gown
looking thing with a robe on with the
with the with this this um over the the
The Fringe on the ends was thick but it
was like it was different and he said to
me he said I've come with a message for
you the Lord has instructed and told me
that Deuteronomy
2810 was going to become real to you is
what he said Deuteronomy 2810 was going
to become real to you and it's like he
said now we
are I want to I don't want to add it or
to I cannot add to or take away from
anything he said I want to say exactly
way he says but I want to say it the way
he said it it was like he was saying he
said Deuteronomy
28:10 um because of all the attacks all
the things that was going on he knew he
was on assignment like I said and he
come here he said Deuteronomy 28:10 was
going to become more uh uh real to you
it's going to become Rama to you it's
going to become in these last days right
now in this dispensation of time right
now what he was saying is that verse is
going to come alive in side of you and
you are going to have an umbrella of it
it's going to be like an umbrella for
you like a protection it's going to be
um like like that word that word is
going to be a hedge over you Deuteronomy
28:10 and he just warned me about it and
he did and so basically he was just
telling me to be he told me to cheer up
Be Be Be Be not Afraid is what he told
me too he said don't be afraid
and he said I've come to give you a good
word I've come to give you he said don't
be afraid I've come to give you a word
and he said the Lord has instructed me
to tell you Deuteronomy 28:10 is going
to come alive inside of you and he said
in this this last this in these last
days right now he said a supernatural
covering is covering over you and your
children and your wife and he said and
tell that other minister that you're
inter interceding for right now that
that that SC scripture Deuteronomy 28:10
he said is going to come alive on them
for for the the occult and the
persecution that they're receiving that
that that there's a supernatural push a
supernatural push that's coming alive
even more like God was breathing on that
verse even more concerning you does that
make sense I hope that makes sense he um
it was like he was saying that that
verse is coming alive for even more for
you like concerning you what you're
going through and it's going to be a
hedge around you Deuteronomy
28:10 and
um I I I was just I just started
worshiping the Lord I was just like you
know I was like thank you Father thank
you for this word because I need it I
needed it it was something that was um
you know whenever you're going through
stuff and and the storm's going on
around you and you don't talk about the
storm you don't you don't whine about
the storm you know and me mouth with
your mouth because out of the abundance
of the heart the mouth speaks and as a
man thinketh in his heart so is he and
if you start thinking bound you start
thinking I'm a victim I'm going through
all this I know the Devil comes to cut
try to kill Ste and destroy you already
know he's a roaring liing seeking whom
he may devour he's coming to try to put
out that flame and that fire in your
life CU he doesn't like fire he doesn't
like you to be uh what God has called
you to be he tries to to to try to deter
it and so I know what what the agenda is
I'm not stupid it's like every single
time the Lord will come back to me when
I'm going through something he says
remember your
training remember your training Soldier
remember to be standing upright don't
let the enemy come and knock you down
you've got to raise your hand head up
and get that word down inside of you and
I say it again and again and again you
can pray all you want to but it is the
word that that defeats the devil it's
the word that he whenever it says in
James 4:17 submit yourself therefore
unto God resist the devil and he will
flee from you but you've got to submit
you've got to get that word down inside
of your spirit that is your sword and it
comes out of your mouth and and it's
able to cut the devil up but I've
noticed you can pray all you want to
praying is is is moving in you it's
maneuvering the Angels it's it's
bringing down stuff you it's all kinds
of stuff it's communication with the
father okay but there is a lot of times
when you're dealing with the Demonic
unless you're binding and loosing and
and and and and pleading the blood and
things like that okay that's it's it's
like your weapons it's like you have
your secret weapons and you're able to
cut the devil up but the word of the
Lord is what gives you power in the in
the spiritual realm that's the only
thing look at look okay here here for
instance okay let me show you
something when Jesus was baptized in the
in the River Jordan by John the Baptist
Boom the a the the dove comes down like
the Holy Spirit ascended on him like a
dove and here and it spoke Out of Heaven
the Lord the great God Almighty spoke
Out of Heaven he said this is my son
whom am I am well pleased okay he spoke
it everybody heard it boom like thunder
you know and and and the the devil heard
it I'm sure that I'm sure Lucifer heard
it everybody heard that that this is my
son and whom I'm well pleased okay so
here he
is the Devil Comes you know whenever
Jesus is being tempted for the 40 days
right he comes and he tries to talk to
him if you are the Son of
God if you are he started questioning it
so he's a flesh devil he's not a spirit
Devil he's a flesh devil he he don't
think he don't think right he you know
like I say he has alimer has something
he he's not right he don't remember so
the Jesus could have said don't you
remember what my father said don't you
remember what he said when I came up out
of that water this is I his son and whom
I pleased no he did not combat him with
uh with natural things he combed him
with his with the with the word he
combed Satan he said it is written it is
written
Satan tempt not the Lord thy God he said
all those things that he said okay
so every single time he spoke back to
the devil he didn't speak to him in the
natural like well devil you know I was H
you know you got to get out of here
whatever he quoted scripture it is
written it is written it is written and
that's how he combed the devil he didn't
pray at that time and say Lord send your
angels to keep charge over me according
to Psalms he didn't say any of that he
said it is written he spoke to the devil
about what the word says and told the
devil this is what you're going to do
get thee behind me Satan this is you
know that's what you have to do with the
devil so what I'm trying to tell you all
hope I man I hope I didn't butcher that
uh that's how you deal with it in the
spirit
realm every single thing man shall not
live by bread alone but but but every
word that proceeds out of the mouth of
God turn this this this loaf into to to
Rock in rock into a piece of bread or
you know if well you know tempt not the
Lord thy God you know every single thing
he used the the word to combat the devil
is what I'm trying to tell y'all and
so every single time I deal in the
spirit realm every time I like I have
manifestations of Critters and they try
to come against you you know and and you
you sit there and you can pray in
tongues and everything but I'm telling
you a lot of times worship ticks them
off and you can make them shut up a lot
of times when you start worshiping I
start praising the Lord and you start
worshiping hey right there you know you
trying to mess with me we're going to
take a moment we're just going to Praise
Jesus for a little bit I'm telling you
they can't Praise Jesus they don't want
to be around they just they get out of
here s father I just worship you father
I just praise you for all that you've
done for me and how much you've done for
me thank you Father for the air that I
breathe for the for the clothes on my
back thank you for the the food that I
have in my belly to today thank you Lord
for the for the water thank you for the
trees thank you Father for all that you
provided for me father I submit myself
unto God and I resist the devil and he
has to flee right now so father I just
worship you right now and that's what I
do and father I thank you according to
Galatians 3:13 you start quote you you
start quoting scripture back and you
start coming back at him and praying
praying the pray in the scripture and
I'm telling you the devil will flee for
you as in Terror he will flee screaming
I'm telling you ah and trying to get
away from you I mean that's that's but
you get what I'm saying right cuz I'm
trying to I'm trying to tell you all a
lot of times you're missing it when you
think well the the Lord the Lord's just
going to deal with the Devil the Lord's
done everything he's going to do about
the devil for you he became uh he became
everything that he needed to do he
became he became sickness he became poor
he became all of it and then he seated
himself and then seated you beside him
in Ephesians he said we're seated with
him in the heavenlies far above all
principalities and powers and might and
we are seed with him so if we're seed
him we take dominion and Authority with
him and so I'm telling you you have to
take authority over the devil so what
I'm trying to tell you all is you use
Deuteronomy
28:10 since he's no respector persons
that verse is not just for me it's for
you you start using that for you in your
house and believing that that that that
that well you Pro I don't know if you
deal with a lot of satanic attack like
that you know from the occult but or
whatever but I but I'm just saying if
you do or if you don't it don't matter
use it the Bible is for every believer
the Bible is for every person who would
call upon the name of the Lord he's
going to save you he'll deliver you
he'll set you free from all kinds of
demonic attack there is nothing too big
for God to handle in your life don't
matter if you're dying of something if
you have poverty if whatever Jesus can
turn your circumstances around if you
believe him for it all you have to do is
call on him say father I need you God I
need you I need you I need you I need
you in my life I submit myself unto you
but I'm telling you all the devil knows
Authority just like a like a policeman
that's standing there at at the traffic
sign he's holding up his badge that
policeman has
authority to stop the traffic but by
himself without the without the badge in
the in the in the city and the state
backing him he's just another Average
Joe but what makes him have authority is
who's backing him and he has that badge
he has the gun he has the stuff and he's
able to say stop and you obey him
because you you recognize the authority
the same way the devil recognizes if you
know your Authority if you understand
who you are in Christ and how the the
Lord is living on the inside of you and
you have that Badge of of the Holy Ghost
what we want to say and you put that
badge up there the blood of Jesus is
your badge and you say the blood of
Jesus is against you devil you can't
touch my house you can't touch my
children you can't touch Our Lives no
sickness no disease comes nigh us and I
tell you to get a let go of my finances
you get off my finances right now in the
name of Jesus I command you to let my
finances go I hold the blood that's my
bad I hold the blood of Jesus over this
and that's the authority that's backing
me I've got the backing of the blood
I've got the backing of the word I've
got the backing of the name I got the
backing of all the angels and everything
around me the whole kingdom of God he is
backing me because I am a joint air with
Jesus Christ and I tell you thus far and
no further and you release my stuff
right now in Jesus name and you get out
of here I'm telling you you start doing
that in your house that Devil's going to
start fleeing from you and he'll he'll
stop me stop messing with you as much
cuz he know he'll go whoa but he'll come
back and test it all the time do they
still know it do they still have a
revelation of it because he always comes
to test the word he always comes that's
just the way he
is remember when Jesus slapped him
upside the head with that word a couple
of times and all that happened it said
he got tired he he went away for a while
he went away from that's what happened
with you you hit him upside the head a
couple times with that big old uh Holy
Ghost Hammer you get on hit him in the
head with that Holy Ghost sword you slap
him in the head he'll start messing with
you too he'll go over there and go hey
I'm not going to go I'm I'm I'm a little
tired today I'm going to go over mess
with somebody else that don't know the
word as much trust me get the word down
inside of your spirit and it will change
your life get it down inside of you
because it is it is life to those that
find him and health to all the flesh
remember that his word is lamp into your
feet and a light into your path I will
hide his word in my heart that I might
not sin against you there is so much
scripture like I just told you so I just
want to tell you all to be encouraged
today that Jesus is Alive and he is well
and he is seated at the right hand of
the father and he is dwelling on the
inside the holy spirit is dwelling on
inside of you he's able to do
exceedingly abundantly above all that do
we dare ask or think according to the
power that work work in you that's the
kind of God we serve good days are ahead
in the name of Jesus 2024 is going to be
a year we s you can go higher with him
in in the spirit realm higher with him
in in the heavenlies higher with him
financially higher with him in your job
hire with him whatever it is it's not
too small Jesus is going to do big
things with you great great great Mighty
Works will you do I'm telling you today
is your day of Victory today is your day
of of of of great great breakthrough in
jesus' name let me pray for you all
father I just thank you Lord for every
single believer here in the name of
Jesus for every single one of them that
are here represented on this YouTube
channel I thank you Father for
Supernatural breakthrough for their
finances I call Supernatural
breakthrough for their marriages I call
restoration of marriages right now in
the name of Jesus I command marriages to
be restored and full of of of of of
freshness a full of a brand new start
just like the day they met father I
thank you Lord that all that crusty
falls off that they learn how to
communicate with each other in love for
perfect love casteth out all fear but
but Love Takes no account to have
suffered wrong and father I thank you
Lord for the love that flows through
these marriages I call Brand New Start
brand new fresh freshness in their
marriage in their in their love love for
each other that father that there is a
peace that passes all understanding over
that house and father that those they
will rise up just like what I'm telling
them and take their authority over that
house and not let the devil come in
there and Rob them of peace and joy
father I thank you Lord they go back to
where they first met in their hearts and
say man I really do love that individual
and we will make this
work not allowing the Devil to rob you
of something that was such a blessing in
the beginning we have a tendency to to
to get too familiar with our spouse and
and not uh realize how much what what we
were attracted to and what what first
draw us to that person and yeah people
they they they get is they got issues
but we can work through some issues
because Love Takes no account of a
suffered wrong things can turn around
how bad do you want to how bad do you
want to that's what I'm telling you in
your heart today could be a brand new
start for for you and your
spouse today could be a brand new day
for you I just pray blessing over you I
call pray increase for you in Jesus name
over this holiday struggles people are
upset about Christmas presents and all
that all the holiday pressure father I
thank you Father that you give them
peace through this season that they have
joy in their house because Jesus is the
reason for the season and we're not
worried about all that other stuff we we
put our eyes on what's important and
it's Jesus and him and how much he loves
us Jesus came as a as a little baby born
in a manger all for you because he loves
and if he had to do it just for you he
would do it all just for you that's how
much he loves you and I just bless you
all today I bless you in Jesus name I
call you healed and ho and well and we
call you delivered and I thank you for
watching my videos I really do it
blesses me if you could please click
that notification button please please
uh put a like on my video videos and put
some kind comments down below I really
would appreciate it it helps us to get
the gospel out for all throughout the
world preaching and teaching that Jesus
is coming soon and I just want to tell
you all put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart Jesus loves you and
we love you and we will see you next
time have a blessed day y'all byebye